After talking with the gypsy he thought let's don't think about that dream again and let it go and i will never fall in such traps of gypsy's

later he started reading a new book a man sit beside him and started the conversation he was trying to ignore that man and to show that he is busy in reading but he was thinking of merchant's daughter , the man ask for wine and he offered his bottle to him , hoping that the man would leave . but the man want to talk so the man asked him which book he was reading . he show the book to old man , the man said this book is very imp , but quite irritating . the book is all about the people's inability to choose the destiny and it ends up saying saying every one believes words greatest lie 
The boy asked him ,"what is world's greatest lie ?"
“It’s this: that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what’s happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That’s the world’s greatest lie.”

later they had a small conversation in which old man introduced himself has ,"a king of salem " 
and tell him that he is here to help people to find there personal legend

“It’s what you have always wanted to accomplish. Everyone, when they are young, knows what their Personal Legend is.
he said futhure that 
“At that point in their lives, everything is clear and everything is possible. They are not afraid to dream, and to yearn for everything they would like to see happen to them in their lives. But, as time passes, a mysterious force begins to convince them that it will be impossible for them to realize their Personal Legend.”
but what is mysterious force
“It’s a force that appears to be negative, but actually shows you how to realize your Personal Legend. It prepares your spirit and your will, because there is one great truth on this planet: whoever you are, or whatever it is that you do, when you really want something, it’s because that desire originated in the soul of the universe. It’s your mission on earth.”


The Soul of the World is nourished by people’s happiness. And also by unhappiness, envy, and jealousy. To realize one’s Personal Legend is a person’s only real obligation. All things are one.
“And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.”


later man ask the boy why he choose to became sherferd boy . boy replied ,"to follow my destiny " . the old man give example of a baker said he also but he choose a diff path which is more respect full than his path . 
boy asked him ,"why are u telling me this all ?" 
old man said 
“Because you are trying to realize your Personal Legend. And you are at the point where you’re about to give it all up.”
he said he help people who realize there personal legend but about to give up he gave a example of a miner man too .

later the man said if u want treasure came here tommorrow and give me 1/10th of the sheeps and i will tell u the path and he left 




later he started reaing his book , but can't concentrate . he went to bakery and was about to ask the baker about his destiny but he thought baker might get anxiety

thinking why he left his destiny get to work , he leave from there and was in way to goo back to his frd's house


Learning :- 
what worls greatest lie
what is destiny ?
what is personal legend of any person ?
which mysterious force convince them to forget there destiny ?

The Soul of the World is nourished by people’s happiness. And also by unhappiness, envy, and jealousy. To realize one’s Personal Legend is a person’s only real obligation. All things are one.
“And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.”

Never give promise to give any one the thing which u don't have



